I have concerns, and I may meander in my paragraph(s) below, but the reason I am reaching out is... well, I can put in the words of my favorite comic: "Don't half-ass two things, whole-ass one thing and you'll do fine". Currently, I am thirds-assing a good half of this aircraft design and slideshow presentation and I'd want to full-ass one thing: leading aero, but I am struggling on how to do that while also making sure the whole team doesn't struggle.

General Concerns:
Half the team wasn't at the PDR, and this is consistent with the attendance we get in our "meetings"
	Most evident is that our team left the PDR classroom almost immediately while team Air stayed and debriefed together. Where did our entire team go? We don't meet in person in part due to a lack of majority desire

What I did for the PDR:
Our sketch person, who's sole responsibility is the sketch, to whom I gave a lot of feedback, could not finish the sketch, nor accomplish what was our main goal: a dimensionally accurate sketch (we did a dimensionally accurate sketch on a white board and asked for it to be put in official drawing form
	so I added quite a bit for the aero slides to the sketch, but it was out of my scope to make it much better than initial (ie out of my scope to make it dimensionally correct, because of other PDR responsibilities)

XFLR5 analysis, all done by me, so all conceptual errors on that part are on myself

For the T/O analysis, I researched a few papers and found one that would be easiest to follow, and then gave that to the team and delegated it to someone. He did the code and asked me occasionally for assumptions, and to retain an aura of "I'm not going to breathe down the backs of my peers" I didn't look at the numbers because at least the output of 409' seemed fine. This is both a "I could have done better research because if our conceptual approach to T/O calcs are wrong, I'm the one who owned that" but also a "I had to do the research, with no assistance, and someone did the numbers. If I then also look over the code, calcs, etc., then the only difference between me doing the T/O calcs would have been I would have only clicked 500 times less of my keyboard" so I own the conceptual errors, but not the numbers.

The same situation applies to the drag build-up, where the conceptual errors I own, the exact numbers not so much.

The aero team are these two people and me, with one person a part of aero in name only but has not given a deliverable to the team despite delegation. Additionally, I outlined all the risks/concerns/next steps.

For the literal slides and presentation, minus the exact textboxes that contain the drag numbers & T/O calc/graph, I did the design, words, etc. Additionally, I spent 20-30 minutes coaching our presenter on how to present the slides, going through how I got what I did, what they mean, what questions the professors are likely to ask (and therefore how to answer them) which is why I didn't jump in, because I didn't want to affect his presentation grade by taking answers from him.

For the systems team, there are two people in name only with minimal deliverables, but non-zero. I can speak to the systems slide: the cockpit: total conceptual, slide, and presentation ownership on that in addition to coaching the other presenter how to present the slide. 

For the controls team, I was not involved in final decisions; however, when asked, I answered, and there were many asks. Mostly on how to use XFLR5, which for me is the first time I've used this software, but I am the only "expert" on the team unfortunately. I also have not taken any aerodynamics class. I'll admit I'm incredibly jealous of the Team Air's aero team, until I realized that there is a >1 person who knows aerodynamic concepts on their aero team, so they can help each other out instead of being a one-man show.

Additionally, controls asked me how they would draw a diagram for a sizing case. I was never sure if what I explained to them was what they were going with, so I didn't ask follow-up questions or bring other cases to mind, and I'll be hoinest, I probably misled them because I like to talk my mind without distinguishing between what's relevant or not. I totally own that I should have seen the writing on the wall and suggest the cases they should do, but again I'm not on controls and with no desire to walk through an entire other team on how to do their analysis. I also believe that they aren't on the same page with each other because I would get similar questions from two different people about the same thing at different times. A fun example as well is that I, the hour after the CoDR said that it's possible FBW may be a fun avenue to go down because designing cables/pulleys may be hard, but it seems that that was taken maybe as gospel rather than just a suggestion from someone on a different subteam.

FWIW power and structures team are completely out of my purview and if nothing else I really appreciate how I don't have to be involved with a whole other team or people to walk through things other than the aerodynamic analysis that those teams require (ie I am happy to continue to work in a team, I am also happy I don't have to hold their hand) and both those teams I'd say are doing quite well comparatively.

The teams I am a part of: aero, systems, and controls are not, and I do believe it is because I am stretched thin.

And I want to be clear: I am okay with being stretched thin only because my grade seems to be dependent on my team's grade. If all else were the same, but there were some end-of-class evaluation upon which 99% of my grade was based on, I am more than happy to drop all this criticsm, all this behind-my-team's-back talking in favor of just doing my best and allowing others to do their best. I am concerned because my quality of work is incredibly low, and I believe that's because I am stretched thin and with more responsibilty and people looking to me for answers. I'm not trying to gossip or backbite, I'm trying to end my MIT career on a high note!

Additionally, some background as to why I have been "hands-off" except for the past two days between the dry run and PDR, and I truly truly am not bragging, just giving context, is that for a total of 2 years between two internships, I have been a project engineer / manager and so I feel like I would learn much more from this class by focusing on aerodynamic analysis (because that is my weak point in my aviation career, and I haven't taken an aero class), and that my peers would learn a lot more about project engineering when there isn't me trying to run the show. In the past two days, however, I've definitely taken way too much, but that's because our team was in completely dire straits, and still are! But hopefully less so. But this isn't sustainable nor something I am interested in continuing because I am not good at this: I will run this team to the ground because this needs to be more a team-effort, or at least graded much more seperately haha.

All in all, I'm in high spirits, I just want to pass, but I also had a midterm right before class because I focused way too much on having something for our team to present today.